Hey look at me shut up what's up
everybody
hey what's doctor talk to y'all about
bench-pressing you know we got some
jacked-up backs and uh I was looking up
one on videos and you know I was the
comments and the guy was telling that
y'all should try to are you fucking back
at least a little bit did it help you
move more weight down the road you know
and just move more weight really doing
the bench press you know actually
actually chugging trying today
I tried it today and my back more fucked
up cause on my back's I got my shit me
snapping triple sec anyway I tried it
today in it and it's true when I arch my
back today I kind of picked my shoulder
blades back more like usually when we do
flat bench press
I'm splat on it my fucking my damn back
is descriptive look out like this right
but my older brother and I noticed most
people man they have like an arch in the
back and they're sitting up on the
shoulder blades they got the shoulder
blades back and hips you have more space
on the mat it's like it feels like your
your back is pinned feel like your
buttons in there and it feels like you
got more leverage when you live it's
true it does help but you know with our
back condition some days I can some days
I can't I've gotten a bad habit of keep
my back flat on the bitch which gives me
no leverage I'm basically just pushing
on my chest and shoulders and triceps
but it does help if you can arch your
back and get a little lift in your butt
you're not you have to overdo it like a
powder because when we trying to
benchpress like 800 pounds but if you
can use your lower back and your left on
the bench press it does stuff a lot yeah
so this is our thing and you know it's
just our opinion when you
the flat barbell bench pressing you
should have a arching your back and you
should pin your shoulder blades back and
so you can you can move more weight do
more reps which is great right but what
we don't fucking a great with it's like
when we see somebody in a gym doing
bench press dad down but is all up in
the fucking air and they do a big
presence and each time they do a press a
movement that butt is coming like a foot
off to them yeah unless you're overdoing
I think that's overdoing it if you try
to build muscle and work the muscles why
are you bringing your ass and you cook
your thighs and all that shit into it
plus you can fucking snap some shit up
in my opinion yeah but we do it great
you should arch your back if you get
celebrity from your back should brush
your glutes it does help you PE
shoulders back it does help which way
even you can lift more weights with you
and when you do that also helps your abs
bring your absent to it to stabilize
your back to you but hey that's just I
by Sony you don't have to follow right
you don't have fun you can do move it oh
fuck do you wanna do